Create ui-c8y-1022-3-0-opcua-partial-address-scan.md (#3463)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/device-management/ui-c8y-1022-3-0-opcua-partial-address-scan.md

---
date: ""

> title: OPC UA partial address scan

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: OPC UA Server address space scan options in Device management application
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-2039
version: 1022.3.0
---

> The OPC UA protocol now supports partial address scan which allow scanning only a subset of nodes instead of the full address space. This improves the performance and reduces the memory consumption of the gateway, especially for servers with large address spaces. The partial address scan can be configured using the new OPC UA server configuration properties for partial address scan on node filters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Introducing the new advanced settings under OPC UA server configuration that provide the option to enable auto-scan with either full or partial address space scan capabilities in Device management application.
Refer to [OPC UA - Connecting gateway to the Server](/device-integration/opcua/#connecting-gateway) section for more details.
This feature requires 1021.7.0 or higher version of opcua-device-gateway and opcua-mgmt-service components.
```

---
date: ""

> title: OPC UA Server address space scan options in Device management application

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: OPC UA server address space scan enhancements
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-2039
version: 1022.3.0
---

> Introducing the new advanced settings under OPC UA server configuration that provide the option to enable auto-scan with either full or partial address space scan capabilities in Device management application.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
New advanced settings have been introduced in the OPC UA server configuration in the Device Management application, which provide the option to enable auto-scan with either full or partial address space scan capabilities.
```

> Refer to [OPC UA - Connecting gateway to the Server](/device-integration/opcua/#connecting-gateway) section for more details.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Refer to [Connecting the gateway to the server](/device-integration/opcua/#connecting-gateway) for more details.
```

> This feature requires 1021.7.0 or higher version of opcua-device-gateway and opcua-mgmt-service components.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This feature requires version 1021.7.0 or higher of the opcua-device-gateway and opcua-mgmt-service components.
```

---
date: ""

> title: OPCUA Partial Address Scan

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: OPC UA partial address scan
```

product_area: Device management & connectivity
change_type:
  - value: change-QHu1GdukP
    label: Feature
component:
  - value: component--KIsStyzM
    label: Device Management app
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-2039
version: 1022.3.0
---
Co-authored-by: Oezge-Akin <92035029+Oezge-Akin@users.noreply.github.com>
Co-authored-by: Mario Heidenreich <marh@softwareag.com>
Co-authored-by: Nick Ponomar <nick.ponomar@softwareag.com>
Co-authored-by: Marco Stoffel <marco.stoffel@softwareag.com>
Co-authored-by: Mario Heidenreich <mario.heidenreich@softwareag.com>
Co-authored-by: Catarino Goncalo <cgon@softwareag.com>
Co-authored-by: Enio Sultan <enio94.sutan@gmail.com>
Co-authored-by: bozhidardedov <bozhidar.dedov@cumulocity.com>

> Co-authored-by: Alekhya kelallatur <alekhya.margam@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The OPC UA protocol now supports partial address scan which allow scanning only a subset of nodes instead of the full address space. This improves the performance and reduces the memory consumption of the gateway, especially for servers with large address spaces. The partial address scan can be configured using the new OPC UA server configuration properties for partial address scan on node filters.
```
